Uh huh.
Open up a laptop. You know what to do, want to
come around, but the party coming through has me
saving gas in the mood to stay on track. And I'm
never coming because this quarter going to go real
fast. Like soon we all go. So turn up in the house,
turn it to a classroom, staying safe. And I'm on
camera wearing my pajamas. It don't matter, baby.
Yeah, we chileno we could've been at it all. So we
all go math class on the sofa, chemistry at the
pool, got a virtual campus getting all the answers,
solving no problems, obtain the right to. Okay, I
told you. Stop, wait, stand up. If you just wash
your hands, go and put your hands up and put them
back down, navigate the campus. I got like three
classes completion. What I plan Lincoln didn't
even need a password or something that could end
up chilling with the class in the lab with a lab
coat. Now, that's why I broke Cookie while I'm
spinning. I'm at Starbucks. You don't have a
laptop. I just own one. They got the Chrome books.
Got a long one. I got the wi fi plug into the moat.
Don't get me. Up with the crossing of a loan, some
you missed a lecture because I did need help, send
an e-mail and ignore it. They got the website, go
and explore it, never skip the info. That's a
laptop. You know what to do. Want to come around
for the party coming through has been saving gas
in the mood to stay on track and then never come
in last because this quarter is going to go real
fast. Like soon we are going to turn up in the
house, turned into a classroom, staying safe and
I'm on camera wearing my pajamas. It don't matter.
Yeah, we should wake up and narrow it down soon.
We are going to be cooking in the kitchen camera.
Not got a virtual campus. Didn't know the answer
to solving problems. Obtain the right tools I've
been letting on. So we all go to class on this. A
virtual campus, and they got all the answers,
solving the problems and getting the right way to
stop it. Like, I don't get it, although I read it
for, like, the past couple of hundred thousand
milliseconds and get the message. And I was
stressing and talking bank accounts, but I think I
need to check in with minutes. It's OK. No need
for doesn't get a tutor's lesson through computer
methods or according to what they be telling most
of your successes, because, you know, it's proven
they go help you whenever you be needed to get the
message. Yeah. Rocking at home to be safe from the
rainfall and not reach out to find help from my
grades for got support on my back. I'm a stay at
home. Think of all the people in the world. They
got to pray for worlds facing the challenge. Begin
for it to stay at home, play a part in being the
solution. Whatever you struggle, just keep on
moving through it. I know that when it comes to
academics, we be zooming through the laptop. You
know what to do. What is going to come around for
the party coming through has me. Saving gas is a
move to stay on track and I'm never coming back
because this quarter are going to go real fast
like soon. We all got so caught up in the house,
turned into a classroom, staying safe and I'm on
camera wearing my pajamas. It don't matter, baby.
Yeah, we chileno we could open up the laptop. You
know what to do. We're going to come around. But
the party coming through has we're saving gas on.
I want to stay on track ever come the last because
this quarter can they go real fast like we all go.
So turn up in the house, turn into a classroom,
get a lot on my plate and some towns face when I'm
chilling and I'm cool me to get back to school.